Release 0.2.0 (#109)
bake-bake-bake/bakeware: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.2.0

Breaking Changes:

* Applicable release options in `mix.exs` are now scoped to a `:bakeware` key.
  If you were setting `:compression_level` previously, you will need to update
  you setting.

Enhancements:

* Windows Support! (Thanks @kritarthh :tada:) - See [Building on Windows](https://hexdocs.pm/bakeware/readme.html#building-on-windows)
  for more info

> * Adds the `:start_command` option to the bakeware `mix` release options
>   which allows you to start the bakeware executable with the same comamnds
>   supported by `Mix.Release`. You can also specify this with the `--bw-command`
>   option when running the executable. See [`mix release` command options](https://hexdocs.pm/mix/Mix.Tasks.Release.html#module-bin-release_name-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the `:start_command` option to the bakeware `mix` release options
  which allows you to start the bakeware executable with the same commands
  supported by `Mix.Release`. See the bakeware iex_prompt example for how
  this is used so that the IEx prompt supports line editing.
* Adds the `--bw-command`  option when running the executable. See [`mix release` command options](https://hexdocs.pm/mix/Mix.Tasks.Release.html#module-bin-release_name-commands).
```

* Instructions added for compiling static OpenSSL when needed (thanks @vans163)

Bug Fixes:

* Removes `mix bakeware.assemble` task which is unused and broken (Thanks @christhekeele).
  Please use `mix release` for the same effect

> * Fix line editing when starting IEx via bakeware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I reworked the feature add above to talk about this since the fix was to run `start_iex` rather than `start` on the release.
